hello I am andreas barth you know
me as a three scion of youtube stefan
Jack by 24 got me up
facebook dominates with the question why
I am here
you can find the whole thing under the hashtag
I'm hunter at my answer is
because I have a privileged access
to have a privilege mine
dissect meat parts and eat
I am allowed to be in nature and you can live
as many as can not and me
many people will know the same
I have passion and passion
really did not want a specific one
nominate
I thought we were doing that
open action and challenge you herewith
also participate in the action
that brings so much good for ours
action over there
the movie my son and me and from the
wheel comes a piece of deer running out
across the meadow after me with
it was also hunting and that's what it is
they are so fascinating and I challenge you
This also says something to you
fascinated and participates in the action
I'm a hunter because that does so much good
for our passion and ours
passion and please post on my
account three sprouts on facebook yours
videos short videos with the mobile phone or
with the camera or a nice text
with pictures and the whole until the 20th
august then i will be the the
Join together and have participated
lasts three prizes with out so
he will help with the tripping
There are three prices here in shoulder strap
from arne the cartridges etui from roll the
and a rubber ball for the rewe
animal love join in this sense good
hefty baath party three fun